so we're going to have a video coming up
unbelievable we actually had a
subscriber or two that said hey why are
you going to show us a tour of your rig
so before we show you all the rainbows
and unicorns we're gonna show you what
it looks like when you get this puppy
ready to move and trust me it's not
pretty
[Music]
let's start the front cab here
okay I'm stumbling over the garbage
already one of the things we have to
remember otherwise we'll be smelling it
for the next two and a half hours we
have to get rid of the garbage before we
take off and that's usually relatively
easy and I just walk somewhere in the
park here if you look at the cab here I
have this little tab on here and you're
going what the heck is that well it has
on the old Jim banner now we did not put
the old Jim banner on because we're in a
place where there's no one here to look
at it anyways but I didn't have a tag
that said boards and I wanted to
remember the boards you'll notice we're
on grass here and normally we don't
deploy boards under our Jack's we have
snap pads in the front so we don't have
any boards on there it'll make the snap
pads big enough for our rig
over here sue will show that I got my
coffee ready for the run I got the iPod
on with the cable that goes over to my
Bo's gotta have your gear ready this is
the navigation system that came with the
Dutch star but you'll notice it's fairly
far to look at it's very hard to upgrade
we like the Garmin better the screen is
larger sue and I can both share him so
sue does all of the navigating from her
phone this is my phone but she has hers
she's sitting here over here doing or
navigating she does a flawless job I
think I'm gonna reward her soon and buy
her an iPad because I'm a good guy all
right Corden we've got our tire pressure
gauge
monitoring system already cooking away
because we've already had one instance
where we woke up and we didn't even know
we had a flat tire and it told us we had
a flier a flat tire actually the day
before we were gonna leave so we were a
little bit more prepared right now it
tells me I got no flat tires and that's
a good thing what's that thing on the
window okay this is our dash camera and
we had already mentioned one time that
we put that in that kind of records
what's happening in front of you if
there was ever a collision maybe that
you were involved in that absolutely
positively was not your fault
you know we need like a football field
to be able to stop so I'm constantly
dropping back one of the reasons and
this is an actual pro tip not a funny
pro tip I almost always intentionally
even if it's a slow speed limit like
let's say 55 look or 65 miles an hour I
was trying to drive about five miles an
hour less than that because that always
puts traffic ascending away from me when
you're driving something this big and
you're trying to be in the traffic
pattern people treat you as if you're a
little Volkswagen they give you the same
amount of room and respect so we've
learned there
right here we have our walkie-talkie
staged we probably don't necessarily
need it at this place because we
literally are the only ones in this
campground but normally we have these
sue does a light check left signal right
signal are my brake lights working all
that kind of stuff do I have the towed
and neutral so we're not dragging it for
300 miles so these are pretty valuable
sue makes sure she has her water so she
doesn't have to go through the rig I
make sure Marquez water excellent so
Richie doesn't drink right okay so if we
walk back here obviously when we're all
done with this segment here we're going
to show you what this thing looks like
packed up but this is the kind of mess
you end up with we've we pulled in here
yesterday in the afternoon and it's the
morning the next day we're pulling out
again we're actually coming into our
hometown so we didn't care too much
about putting everything back together
here's how my computer is I just flop it
down on a rubber screen works really
good that all sorts of junk laying
around here that yeah this is new
currents in the Hat
yeah they yell Bose speaker in the Hat
technique keeps it from rattling and
scratching over on this side here you'll
notice that we seatbelt our recliners in
when we travel I was almost tempted to
take these seat belts out because who's
gonna sit sideways when you're driving
we've reconfigured this rig to be for me
and Sue because we're envisioning being
in here many years and we're not gonna
have a setup that is not correct for
that amount of time but I left the
seatbelts in because I didn't want these
to become projectiles if we would ever
have an accident that desk is bolted in
here's the snack table when all of a
sudden we think we need something sue
already has things that you can just
take a couple of steps back to get
as we travel back into the galley these
pillows here actually will end up being
positioned between our pantry doors and
the bathroom wall to keep the door from
opening we GI this up a little bit but
you can see on an amazing amount of
stuff we still leave on the kitchen
counter here and it does not move around
I mean which is kind of a tribute to how
a diesel pusher is with the air ride
system very smooth and the things that
do move yeah we end up putting in the
sink right here now shortly we'll show
you how we get rid of this thing here
we'll bring it back but let's get back
here first in the refrigerator oh wow
sue has lockness and she's put these
bars in the refrigerator to keep
everything in place actually the the
empty refrigerator is the more in
trouble you are so it really behooves
yourself to always have your
refrigerator full okay say make sure you
like that in a locket the freezer takes
care of itself as we go back here this
is the map that we always have on our
carpeting to protect our carpeting
that's permanently installed god knows
what that costs to replace so this is
our where item but we have to roll that
up the stuff that's laying here will
probably eventually be at the bed one of
the tips for Newmar Dutch star people is
peel back your bed and in fact you'll
notice that we cut the full mattress
that we have on top of our bed we cut it
back because when these two halves come
together I've learned that I bring my
full wall slide in first so that it
doesn't hit this bed if this bed slide
was in first and even when this is in
when this bed slide comes in it plows in
slightly here and has to duck under this
full wall slide has enough trouble by
itself to come in
it doesn't need this in its way so do
the dual your full wall slide first then
do your bedroom slide I don't think
there's anything else that we prepare in
here you know we always make sure that
your cabinet doors are closed and so
watch turn around show them what that
room looks like in there who puts all of
her plants in the corner we have some
camera cases and in computer gear
there's some documents in there here's
the laundry that'll go on the floor
eventually massage table for her husband
who needs constant attention and - nope
I keep trying to tell her she should get
a better one but she likes this one so
the sink yeah the the sink we take this
stuff off the counter and put all the
miscellaneous stuff in here and you know
the truth is is that we've only been
here a day so we'll just leave it like
that and we'll work out of it like that
but normally we're a lot cleaner than
that but this is the reality of RV life
Wow let's hump that Sharon even the
shower needs a little TLC we make sure
it's locked
take the shower head down so it doesn't
fall out nothing's hanging on the wall
so you can see in here that once we get
it in we make sure that it's packed in
so that it's not sliding around and
shifting and hitting the glass window at
all so we've got more to pack in here
yes it's like a chess game that you have
to assemble yeah it works so then we
just keep putting more stuff back here
[Music]
and we learn the hard way that you have
to watch what might hit the woodwork
because we got a couple of battle scars
right
always make sure your your door is shut
we've been driving and have had this
slide out and slam before so we're good
all right
lights are out all locked up so let's
see what this thing looks like after we
shut it yeah I have to come off of the
jacks I have to turn the key to the
accessory position one thing about a
class II there's a lot of work involved
when I want to auto store my Ajax I have
to press that button oh my god
I have to keep that thing in shape man
[Music]
once the jacks are up normally we don't
have them on wood but remember the most
important thing about our being you have
to have feet feet so we go back because
I had that band on my steering wheel I
actually remembered the wood so we don't
end up losing this piece of lumber
because it's valuable to have now I'll
have one on the other side but I won't
bore you with that I'll show you where
we store this probably not a good spot
to store it because it's close to the
front tires and I'm starting to get
close to my reading what you got to put
it where you got room and once it's
clean you put it right in here I got one
more to get so I'll go do that so now
that the jacks are up because we have
the oddball full wall slide Newmar we
actually have to be on our air bags
before we can bring our slides in most
RVs you actually bring the slides in
first and then you come off the jacks
but ours are so big twisting frame blah
blah blah it's a whole story so now I'll
turn the key I wait for this little coil
indicator to go off set they cold here I
turn the engine on
it starts up I let it sit just for a
minute or so and then the trick is and
we must have RV for six months before I
knew this but once you're running if you
hit the on on your cruise control and
you hit set it actually is a fast idle
you'll notice I'm at 750 here and if I
would want to go too fast idle I can
press this button press set and I go
from 750 to 1500 yes so it doubles the
idle speed what you're trying to do is
you're trying to get these two air
gauges here to get about a hundred and
twenty psi when they do you'll hear a
come from wayna back by the engine and
that means my system is up to pressure
right now as I'm yanking the coach is
slowly coming up and it's lifting itself
up on its airbags mutsu let's let's
bring this baby let's bring this baby
together
what are you doing sue she's sweeping
the floor and why do we have to do that
good point
let's go to action cam take it off the
tripod and just dive right in so the
reason we have to sweep is when the full
wall slide comes in there's little tiny
rollers that eventually may or may not
touch the marble floor and it will end
up cracking the tile and doing damage
now we don't know if that's what
happened here but this is the type of
damage you would get to your floor where
a little section would pop out so we are
taking superior care of this coach at
least in our mind crack came with the
rig and we're trying to keep it in good
shape for the next owner which we hope
as many years down the road okay so here
we go with the big slide this is always
the scary one
I always say the words to myself in or
out I'm going in here in so I have to
make sure I press the button the right
way because if I'm not paying attention
the motors are struggling and God knows
what that will do so you can see it's
slow there's a bunch of creaking I don't
know if that's coming through on the
sound
[Music]
I want su to point to what I'm watching
for now I'm watching for this latch
coming through the rubber boot and
hopefully it'll come up and lock that
was a pretty good one that's not a real
good one we didn't get that's the
locking mechanism that su was pointing
to but unfortunately we were busy
looking at other things didn't have the
camera framed but that's a pretty good
lock but not a real good one so yeah it
should be flat yeah we've had an angle
but we've also learned that you can't
obsess over it otherwise you'll drive
yourself nuts
been there done that let's bring this
other one in hi I just turned the engine
off because this is the only slide that
will work with the engine running it's a
safety deal to not be able to operate
these slides when the engine is running
but this one actually needs so much
power they had to change that so that
the alternator could provide power to
the batteries so now the engines off I'm
going to bring this one in but you want
to go back here while it's easy to walk
to get this one you make sure that
you're pressing the in button one time I
press the Out button while I was
preoccupied that's when I blew my dear
box up the gearbox is probably ready to
blow up anyways but since the in in in
in in in in and trust me it works
because every once in a while I'll see
the wrong word no no no it's not right
well this is about a $1,500 lesson I
learned and I'm glad I did it rather
than sue I get a lot less mad at myself
than I do at her
[Laughter]
I doubt that
alright I'm also trying not to stand on
that button as much as I used to but old
habits never die okay look at this no
that's not that hard this is designed so
that if you want to go to the bathroom
we still can if we want to get our food
we still can but over here sue show them
the pillows so now I'll grab these
pillows for our yes oh my what happened
don't put him down
well if the pantry opens up while we're
driving and one of these drawers opens
up we could lose our peanut butter your
debt for weeks all right sue are you
ready for the kitchen slide to come in
rented an inn in check to make sure the
seat don't get hit in check to make sure
the wires don't get hot oh cheese
monocle check in got that
time lapse time watching the same thing
I'm watching for a latch up there great
so now you can see during travel we have
the recliners here that are in the way
of my feet now I almost made a grave
mistake when I had this desk built last
minute after part of it was built
already I took 2 inches out of this
width it would have been 2 more inches
over that would have been bad and I
don't know how I made that I didn't make
that mistake it's just I made too many
assumptions glad I took that two inches
out then we have this cabinet here no
problem this chair I'm sure we could
shove it a little bit more but we're so
petite in this family we have no problem
at all
one of the things that's desk this
drawer would always flop open because
there's a lot of files in there I did a
engineering study and I determined that
the garbage can works perfect there so
you're an engineering g9o so when we're
traveling and if we stopped at a weigh
stop and we want to eat you can see that
we have a lot of room here we got our
window we can conduct our wiring we can
use all of our appliances we can wash up
here very well laid-out 2014 new Marduk
star model 43 69
sue over Arabic buddy good buddy just
wondering if here my steps and turn off
the power once you disconnect our power
we stayed at a hotel in Hixton Wisconsin
they had about eight sites attached to
it none of them had a full hookup but it
was cheap and nice little scary parking
on grass and that for sure is never in
life preference you can see that we had
certainly plenty of room to attach the
Honda here and I'm gonna show that sue
is positioning the hitch that we attach
to the honda you can see in the distance
I'm doing the easy job getting the Honda
over here and I usually remember to
stand to the side and pull the Honda and
kind of guess and how close it has to be
before we start the process of actually
hooking it up the person that drives a
Honda is supposed to bring the equipment
out of the equipment being the cables
and the electric and of course the
all-important Fifi no Fifi no RV this
might look like it's a rigmarole but
it's really not we each have our jobs
we've done it many many times we're very
careful very deliberate in each
connection that goes in and we inspect
it a few times before we leave and
you'll see later that we do a couple
other checks with our lights this check
that we're showing here is we have our
walkie-talkies and I tell sue I'm
turning my left signal on I'm turning my
right signal on
I'm putting my brakes on this particular
time was a little odd because I actually
remembered that maybe I should check my
backup lights so I did that later in the
sequence one of the things that I do and
you just heard it with the air brakes
going on is I look through my rearview
camera to make sure that the light goes
on that stuck to the back side of my
rearview mirror on the Honda that tells
me my brake modules working the last
check is to make sure that my brakes
aren't set on the Honda that I'm in fact
in neutral and I zig and zag to make the
linkage on the tow bar lock into place
well underway and sue is telling me
where to go which normally is not a good
thing when you're married but in this
case to do well that was easy 21
but we got a good yeah I think since I
get six and a half miles a gallon I
figured it would be prudent to pull into
a pilot and pick up a half a tank just
like many things RV if you want to do
something repetitively very efficiently
you kind of pick your own jobs okay one
of the things that sue does is she jumps
out she grabs the pole she does the
windshield she might go into the store
and get some deaf but one of the
important things is she studies the
traffic pattern so that we know which
way to get out of this particular place
now you think okay you just follow that
truck that's in front of you some of
these truck stops are so big they got 30
trucks driving every direction there
yeah turn left on College Avenue then
take the first right after our fuel up
it wasn't more than maybe another hour
and a half or so maybe two and we were
pulling back into our hometown what's
shown here on the right side is the
scenic view storage facility and it
drives home the point that if we had
stored our broken-down furniture in here
we would already have had three years of
rental down the toilet just not worth it
as we were pulling into our hometown I
was struck by how somewhat illogical
this interchange seems to be to me at
least compared to all the other ones
we've driven and that was kind of funny
because I mean I live here and I almost
got lost
you
you can either
and
yeah yeah this is how we do it if we did
know this place there's George brave all
right Jer
when do don't quit on them today
wait I'm wearing
[Music]